100 Wedding Processional Songs for Wedding Party
Make the most of your wedding party's trip down the aisle with our comprehensive list of wedding processional songs.
Grooms with wedding party
Amy Ann Photography
christin perry a
by
Christin Perry
Updated Jul 08, 2020
Here, we're bringing you a list of wedding processional songs as diverse as your crew of besties. We've chosen these songs specifically for your wedding party; you may want to walk in to a different song or find the perfect crescendo in one of these songs to make your entrance. For a list of songs just for you, check out our list of songs to walk down the aisle to.
Need a little more help with your wedding music? For a compilation of songs for every part of your wedding day, check out our list of 250 wedding songs.
Wedding Processional Songs in this Article:
Modern Wedding Processional Songs
Best Wedding Processional Songs
Unique Wedding Processional Songs
Classical/Traditional Wedding Processional Songs
Instrumental Wedding Processional Songs
Catholic Wedding Processional Songs
Country Wedding Processional Songs
Fun Wedding Processional Songs
Non-Traditional Wedding Processional Songs
Christian Wedding Processional Songs
Modern Wedding Processional Songs
Keep your ceremony on trend when you choose any of the tunes on our list of modern wedding processional songs. Your bridesmaids and groomsmen will thank you for choosing a cool song they're familiar with as they kick off your ceremony with a fun twist.
"I Was Married" by Tegan and Sara
From the album: The Con, 2007
Lyrics you'll love: "I married in the sun (tell me where tell me where)/Against the stone of buildings built before/You and I were born (start again start again)"
"Salted Wound" by Sia
From the album: Fifty Shades of Grey (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack), 2015
Lyrics you'll love: "Lonely float got in the way/You are the feel, and knew it anyway/Take a chance, it wasn't what you know/Take my hand, and don't let go."
"Sweet Disposition" by Temper Trap
From the album: Conditions, 2009
Lyrics you'll love: "So stay there/'Cause I'll be coming over/And while our blood's still young/It's so young, it runs"
"Real Love" by Beach House
From the album: Teen Dream, 2010
Lyrics you'll love: "I met you somewhere in a hell beneath the stairs/There's someone in that room that frightens you when they go boom/The color you say is black is the one you might lack/In the size of your eyes, is there a righteous prize?"
"Home" by Phillip Phillips
From the album: The World from the Side of the Moon, 2013
Lyrics you'll love: "Hold on to me as we go/As we roll down this unfamiliar road/And although this wave is stringing us along/Just know you're not alone/'Cause I'm going to make this place your home"
"Love on Top" by Béyonce
From the album: 4, 2013
Lyrics you'll love: "Honey honey/I can see the stars all the way from here/Can't you see the glow on the window pane/I can feel the sun whenever you're near/Every time you touch me I just melt away."
"Crazy in Love" by Béyonce feat. Jay-Z
From the album: Dangerously in Love, 2003
Lyrics you'll love: "I look and stare so deep in your eyes/I touch on you more and more every time/When you leave, I'm begging you not to go/Call your name two or three times in a row"
"Marry You" by Bruno Mars
From the album: Doo-Wops & Hooligans, 2010
Lyrics you'll love: "It's a beautiful night, we're looking for something dumb to do/Hey baby, I think I wanna marry you / Is it the look in your eyes, or is it this dancing juice/Who cares baby, I think I wanna marry you…"
"The Only Exception" by Paramore
From the album: Brand New Eyes, 2009
Lyrics you'll love: "And that was the day that I promised/I'd never sing of love/If it does not exist, but darlin'/You are, the only exception/You are, the only exception"
Best Wedding Processional Songs
Set the tone for your walk down the aisle with romantic songs that make some of the best wedding processional songs. These well-known hits are the perfect songs to use if you'll be including your mother and your partner's mother in the processional, which is totally fine to do—they'll be tickled pink!
"You & Me" by Dave Matthews Band
From the album: Big Whiskey and the Groogrux King, 2009
Lyrics you'll love: "We gonna take a boat to the end of the world/All the way to the end of the world/Oh, and when the kids are old enough/We're gonna teach them to fly."
"100 Years" by Five for Fighting
From the album: The Battle for Everything, 2004
Lyrics you'll love: "I'm fifteen for a moment/Caught in between ten and twenty/And I'm just dreaming/Counting the ways to where you are."
"Your Song" by Elton John
From the album: Elton John, 1970
Lyrics you'll love: "It's a little bit funny, this feeling inside/I'm not one of those who can easily hide/I don't have much money but boy, if I did/I'd buy a big house where we both could live."
"Stand by Me" by Ben E. King
From the album: The Very Best of Ben E. King, 1998
Lyrics you'll love: "When the night has come/And the land is dark/And the moon is the only light we'll see/No, I won't be afraid/Oh, I won't be afraid/Just as long as you stand/Stand by me."
"This Will Be (An Everlasting Love)" by Natalie Cole
From the album: Inseparable, 1975
Lyrics you'll love: This will be an everlasting love/This will be the one I've waited for/This will be the first time anyone has loved me."
"Turning Page" by Sleeping at Last
From the album: Turning Page – Single, 2012
Lyrics you'll love: I've waited a hundred years/But I'd wait a million more for you/Nothing prepared me for/What the privilege of being yours would do."
"What a Wonderful World" by Louis Armstrong
From the album: All-Time Greatest Hits, 1994
Lyrics you'll love: I see trees of green, red roses too/I see them bloom for me and you/And I think to myself what a wonderful world."
"Everything" by Lifehouse
From the album: No Name Face, 2000
Lyrics you'll love: "Find me here, and speak to me/I want to feel you, I need to hear you/You are the light that's leading me to the place/Where I find peace again."
Unique Wedding Processional Songs
Think outside the box when it comes time to choose a song for your bridesmaids to walk down the aisle to, and opt for something unexpected. We've compiled a list of unique wedding processional songs that aren't overplayed but are sure to give your guests all the feels.
"Just the Way You Are" by Bruno Mars
From the album: Doo-Wops & Hooligans, 2010
Lyrics you'll love: "When I see your face (face, face...)/There's not a thing that I would change/'Cause you're amazing (amazing)/Just the way you are (are)."
"Wonderful Tonight" by Eric Clapton
From the album: Slowhand, 1997
Lyrics you'll love: "It's late in the evening; she's wondering what clothes to wear/ She'll put on her make-up and brushes her long blonde hair/And then she asks me, do I look all right?/And I say, yes, you look wonderful tonight."
"Hoppipolla" by Sigur RosFrom the album: Takk, 2005
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Thank You for Being a Friend" by Andrew Gold
From the album: All This and Heaven Too, 1978
Lyrics you'll love: "Thank you for being a friend/Traveled down the road and back again/Your heart is true, you're a pal and a confidant."
"Love Someone" by Jason Mraz
From the album: YES!, 2014
Lyrics you'll love: "When you love someone/Your heartbeat beats so loud/When you love someone/Your feet can't feel the ground."
"Come Away with Me" by Norah Jones
From the album: Come Away with Me, 2002
Lyrics you'll love: "Come away with me and we'll kiss/On a mountaintop/Come away with me/And I'll never stop loving you."
"Falling Slowly" by Glen Hansard and Marketa Irglova
From the album: Once (Music from the Motion Picture), 2007
Lyrics you'll love: "I don't know you/But I want you/All the more for that/Words fall through me/And always fool me/And I can't react."
"Into the Wild" by Lewis Watson
From the album: The Morning (All of the Songs), 2014
Lyrics you'll love: "Take my hand and let go/I just want you to know/You're the only one that pulls me in/You changed everything."
"Only Time" by Enya
From the album: A Day Without Rain, 2000
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"L-O-V-E," by Joss Stone
From the album: The Best of Joss Stone, 2011
Lyrics you'll love: "L is for the way you look at me/O is for the only one I see/V is very, very extraordinary/E is even more than anyone that you adore can/Love is all that I can give to you."
Classical/Traditional Wedding Processional Songs
If you're planning a formal affair, you may want to stick with traditional, classical wedding processional songs for your wedding party. Everyone is familiar with the more traditional wedding ceremony songs; it's what your guests will be expecting. As a bonus, many of these classical wedding songs have crescendos that can be used for your grand entrance, or they can be arranged to fade perfectly into your entrance song, cueing your guests to stand for you.
"Clair de Lune" by Claude Debussy
From the album: Clair de Lune – single, 2014
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Canon in D" by Pachelbel
From the album: The Most Relaxing Classical Music in the Universe, 2009
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Flower Duet" by Leo Delibes
From the album: Chilled Piano Soundtrack, 2011
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Appalachian Spring" by Aaron Copeland performed by New York Philharmonic
From the album: CBS Great Performances, Vol. 39, 1982
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Hymne" by The O'Neill Brothers Group
From the album: Wedding Songs: Top 10 Wedding Processional Songs, 2007
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Arioso" by J.S. Bach
From the album: Classical Study Music, 2015
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Prelude in C" by J.S. Bach, performed by Brian Bradley
From the album: Prelude in C Major – Single, 2013
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Trumpet Voluntary" by J. Clarke
From the album: 100 Most Essential Classical Favorites, 2010
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Fur Elise" by Beethoven
From the album: 100 Most Essential Classical Favorites, 2010
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Trumpet Tune" by H. Purcell, performed by Prague Brass Soloists
From the album: Old English Brass Music, 1989
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"March" from Occasional Oratorio by Handel
From the album: Auf der Pilgerschaft des Denkens mit Edith Stein, 2015
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Canon in F" by The O'Neill Brothers Group
From the album: A Day to Remember Vol. II: Instrumental Wedding Music, 2005
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"The Wedding Song (There is Love)" by Peter, Paul & Mary
From the album: The Very Best of Peter, Paul & Mary, 2005
Lyrics you'll love: "Well a man shall leave his mother and a woman leave her home/They shall travel on to where the two shall be as one/As it was in the beginning, is now until the end/Woman draws her life from man and gives it back again."
Instrumental Wedding Processional Songs
Beautiful, but slightly less traditional than classical music, instrumental wedding processional songs make perfect choices for walking down the aisle songs. We can't get enough of the Piano Guys' amazing renditions and mashups of today's hottest wedding songs, so be sure to check them out!
"A Day Without Rain" by Enya
From the album: A Day Without Rain, 2000
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Yellow" by Vitamin String Quartet
From the album: Vitamin String Quartet Performs Coldplay, 2002
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Glasgow Love Theme" by Craig Armstrong
From the album: Love, Actually (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack), 2003
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"A Thousand Years" by The Piano Guys
From the album: The Piano Guys, 2012
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Beethoven's 5 Secrets" by The Piano Guys
From the album: The Piano Guys, 2012
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Dawn" by Jean-Yves Thibaudet
From the album: Pride and Prejudice (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack), 2005
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Theme Song from On Golden Pond" by Kelly Stewart
From the album: Reel Piano, 1998
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Somewhere in Time" by John Barry
From the album: Somewhere in Time (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack), 1980
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"The Swan" by Robbins Island Music Group
From the album: Wedding Music: Top 15 Instrumental Wedding Songs, 2015
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Pachelbel Meets U2" by Jon Schmidt
From the album: Winter Serenade, 2004
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Love Story Meets Love Story" by Jon Schmidt
From the album: Bonus Tracks, 2009
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
Catholic Wedding Processional Songs
If you're planning a Catholic ceremony, you may face stricter music requirements than other couples. No worries—we've got you covered with some amazing Catholic wedding processional songs performed by contemporary artists to lend your ceremony a slightly modern touch.
"Ave Maria" by F. Schubert, performed by Céline Dion
From the album: These Are Special Times, 1992
Lyrics you'll love: "Ave Maria, maiden mild/Oh, listen to a maiden's prayer/For thou canst hear amid the wild/'Tis thou, 'tis thou canst save amid, despair"
"Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring" by Orpheus Chamber Orchestra
From the album: Ultimate Joy – Jesu Joy of Man's Desiring and Other Joyful Sounds, 2001
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
From polkas to waltzes, these songs are the perfect ode to your Polish culture.
"Come Thou Fount" by MercyMe
From the album: The Worship Sessions, 2013
Lyrics you'll love: "Come, Thou Fount of every blessing/Tune my heart to sing Thy grace/Streams of mercy, never ceasing/Call for songs of loudest praise"
"Here I Am, Lord" by Collin Raye
From the album: His Love Remains, 1996
Lyrics you'll love: Here I am Lord, Is it I, Lord?/I have heard You calling in the night/I will go Lord, if You lead me/I will hold Your people in my heart."
"For the Beauty of the Earth" by Conrad Kocher
From the album: A Harvest Home, 2004
Lyrics you'll love: "For the beauty of the earth/for the beauty of the skies/For the love which from our birth/over and around us lies."
"Nearer My God to Thee" by The Piano Guys
From the album: The Piano Guys 2 (Deluxe Edition), 2013
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Panis Angelicus" by Andrea Bocelli
From the album: Il Mare Calmo della Sera, 1994
Lyrics you'll love: Pannis angelicus/Fit panis hominum/Dat panis coelicus/Figuris terminum
"Wherever You Go" by David Haas
From the album: When Love is Found, 2016
Lyrics you'll love: Wherever you go, I will go/Wherever you live, I'll be with you./Wherever you lie, I'll be there beside you/Wherever you go, I'll be there."
Country Wedding Processional Songs
There's no doubt about it— country songs are the perfect canvas for pretty much any part of your wedding day. If you're considering walking down the aisle to a country song, consider one of these country wedding processional songs for your wedding party to make a perfect match.
"Landslide," by Fleetwood Mac
From the album: Fleetwood Mac, 1975
Lyrics You'll Love: "I took my love, I took it down/Climbed a mountain and I turned around/And I saw my reflection in the snow-covered hills/'Til the landslide brought it down."
"The One," by Gary Allan
From the album: Alright Guy, 2001
Lyrics You'll Love: "I'll fill those canyons in your soul/Like a river lead you home/And I'll walk a step behind/In the shadows so you shine."
"Something That We Do," by Clint Black
From the album: Nothin' But the Taillights, 1997
Lyrics You'll Love: "I remember well the day we wed/I can see that picture in my head/I still believe the words we said/Forever will ring true"
"Heavenly Day," by Patty Griffin
From the album: Children Running Through, 2007
Lyrics You'll Love: "Tomorrow may rain with sorrow/Here's a little time we can borrow/Forget all our troubles in these moments so few/Oh because right now is only thing/That all that we really have to do/Is have ourselves, a heavenly day"
"Can't Help Falling in Love," by Haley Reinhart
From the album: Can't Help Falling in Love - Single, 2015
Lyrics You'll Love: "Like a river flows surely to the sea/Darling so it goes/Some things are meant to be/Take my hand, take my whole life too."
"Makin' Plans," by Miranda Lambert
From the album: Revolution, 2009
Lyrics You'll Love: "If I ever left this town/I'd never settle downI'd just be wanderin' around/If I ever left this town/If I wasn't by your side/I'd never be satisfied/Nothin' would feel just right/If I wasn't by your side."
"Your Everything," by Keith Urban
From the album: Keith Urban, 1999
Lyrics You'll Love: "I wanna be the wind that fills your sails/And be the hand that lifts your veil/And be the moon that moves your tide/The sun coming up in your eyes."
"I Run to You," by Lady Antebellum
From the album: Lady Antebellum, 2008
Lyrics You'll Love: "This world keeps spinning faster/Into a new disaster so I run to you/I run to you baby/When it all starts coming undone."
"To Make You Feel My Love," by Garth Brooks
From the album: Hope Floats (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack), 1997
Lyrics You'll Love: "When the rain is blowing in your face/And the whole world is on your case/I could offer you a warm embrace/To make you feel my love."
"Keeper of the Stars," by Tracy Byrd
From the album: Ten Rounds, 2001
Lyrics You'll Love: "It was no accident me finding you/Someone had a hand in it/Long before we ever knew/Now I just can't believe you're in my life/Heaven's smilin' down on me/As I look at you tonight."
Fun Wedding Processional Songs
Delight your guests and your wedding party crew with one of the fun wedding processional songs on our list. If you're a fun-loving couple looking for an upbeat tune to match your personality, you'll certainly find it here. To really get your guests party-ready, consider choreographing a dance down the aisle for your wedding party using one of these wedding processional songs.
"All You Need is Love," by The Beatles
From the album: Magical Mystery Tour, 1967
Lyrics You'll Love: "Nothing you can do, but you can learn/How to be you in time/It's easy/All you need is love, all you need is love/All you need is love, love."
"Dance Tonight" by Paul McCartney
From the album: Memory Almost Full, 2007
Lyrics you'll love: "Well you can come on to my place if you want to/You can do anything you want to do/Everybody gonna dance tonight/Everybody gonna feel alright/Everybody gonna dance around tonight"
"Here Comes the Sun," by The Beatles
From the album: Abbey Road, 1969
Lyrics You'll Love: "Little darling, it's been a long cold lonely winter/Little darling, it feels like years since it's been here/Here comes the sun/Here comes the sun, and I say/It's all right."
"Over the Rainbow," by Israel Kamakawiwo'Ole
From the album: Alone in IZ World, 2001
Lyrics You'll Love: "Somewhere over the rainbow/Way up high/And the dreams that you dreamed of/Once in a lullaby."
"I Choose You," by Sarah Bareilles
From the album: The Blessed Unrest, 2013
Lyrics You'll Love: "Let the bough break, let it come down crashing/Let the sun fade out to a dark sky/I can't say I'd even notice it was absent/'Cause I could live by the light in your eyes."
"The Winner Is," by DeVotchKa
From the album: Fox Searchlight Pictures: 20th Anniversary Album, 2014
Lyrics You'll Love: Instrumental
"Island in the Sun," by Weezer
From the album: Weezer, 2001
Lyrics You'll Love: When you're on a holiday/You can't find the words to say/All the things that come to you/And I wanna feel it too."
"Love," by Matt White
From the album: Best Days, 2007
Lyrics You'll Love: And love/Such a silly game we play... Oh/Like a summer's day in May/What is love, what is love/I just want you to be loved.. Oh"
"Is This Love" by Bob Marley
From the album: Kaya, 1978
Lyrics You'll Love: "I want to love you, and treat you right/I want to love you, every day and every night/We'll be together, with a roof right over our heads/We'll share the shelter, of my single bed."
"Rhythm of Love," by Plain White T's
From the album: Wonders of the Younger, 2010
Lyrics You'll Love: "We may only have tonight/But till the morning sun you're mine, all mine/Play the music low and sway to the rhythm of love."
Non-Traditional Wedding Processional Songs
Just because you're getting married doesn't mean you have to settle for a "silly love song." Consider one of these non-traditional wedding processional songs for your wedding party processional. We love the idea of walking down the aisle together to highlight your commitment to equality in your relationship—perhaps you could have your wedding party do the same!
"Bitter Sweet Symphony" by The Verve
From the album: Urban Hymns, 1997
Lyrics you'll love: "I'll take you down the only road I've ever been down/You know the one that takes you to the places where all the veins meet, yeah/No change, I can't change, I can't change, I can't change/but I'm here in my mold, I am here in my mold."
"Flightless Bird, American Mouth" by Iron & Wine
From the album: The Shepherd's Dog, 2007
Lyrics you'll love: "Have I found you?/Flightless bird, jealous, weeping/Or lost you?/American mouth/Big bill looming."
"Cherry Blossom Girl" by Air
From the album: Talkie Walkie, 2004
Lyrics you'll love: "I don't want to be shy /Can't stand it anymore/I just want to say 'Hi' /To the one I love/Cherry blossom girl."
"A Gift of a Thistle" by James Horner & London Symphony Orchestra
From the album: Braveheart (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack), 1995
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Hallelujah" by Pentatonix
From the album: A Pentatonix Christmas, 2016
Lyrics you'll love: "Well, your faith was strong but you needed proof/You saw her bathing on the roof/Her beauty and the moonlight overthrew ya/She tied you to the kitchen chair/She broke your throne and she cut your hair/And from your lips, she drew the Hallelujah."
"Parachutes" by Coldplay
From the album: Parachutes, 2000
Lyrics you'll love: "In a haze of stormy haze/I'll be round, I'll be loving you always, always/Here I am and I take my time/Here I am and I'll wait in line always, always."
"Reign of Love" by Coldplay
From the album: This is Where I Leave You (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack), 2014
Lyrics you'll love: Lovers, keep on the road you're on/Runners, until the race is run/Soldiers, you've got to soldier on/Sometimes even the right is wrong."
"Love" by Lana Del Rey
From the album: Love – Single, 2017
Lyrics you'll love: "You get ready, you get all dressed up/To go nowhere in particular/Back to work or the coffee shop/Doesn't matter cause it's enough/To be young and in love/To be young and in love."
"Only Love" by Ben Howard
From the album: Every Kingdom, 2011
Lyrics you'll love: "Darling you're with me, always around me/Only love, only love/Darling I feel you, under my body/Only love, only love/Give me shelter, or show me heart/Come on love, come on love."
"Best Day of My Life" by American Authors
From the album: Oh, What a Life, 2014
Lyrics you'll love: "I'm never gonna look back/Woah, never gonna give it up/No, please don't wake me now/This is gonna be the best day of my life."
"Hey Ho" by The Lumineers
From the album: The Lumineers, 2012
Lyrics you'll love: "(Hey!) I don't know where I went wrong/(Ho!) But I can write a song/(Hey!)/I belong with you, you belong with me, you're my sweetheart"
Christian Wedding Processional Songs
If you'd like to keep God at the center of your ceremony, you'll probably want your wedding party to use a Christian wedding processional song. We're bringing you selections suitable for any ceremony, from the most formal wedding in a cathedral to a tasteful, outdoor affair. For more song ideas to use during your wedding, be sure to check out our full list of Christian Wedding Songs.
"Order My Steps," by Brooklyn Tabernacle Choir
From the album: Favorite Song of All, 1996
Lyrics You'll Love: "Order my steps in Your word dear Lord/Lead me, guide me every day/Send Your anointing, Father I pray"
"The Giving" by Michael W. Smith
From the album: Freedom, 2000
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Holy, Holy, Holy" by Robbins Island Music Group
From the album: Catholic Wedding Hymns: Instrumental Piano Songs of Praise and Worship, 2015
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"Beloved" by Tenth Avenue North
From the album: Over and Underneath, 2008
Lyrics you'll love: "You're my beloved/Lover I'm yours/Death shall not part us/It's you I died for."
"Be Thou My Vision" by Selah
From the album: Greatest Hymns, 2005
Lyrics you'll love: Be Thou my Vision, O Lord of my heart/Naught be all else to me, save that Thou art/Thou my best Thought, by day or by night/Waking or sleeping, Thy presence my light."
"How Great Thou Art" by Selah
From the album: Greatest Hymns, 2005
Lyrics you'll love: Oh Lord my God/When I in awesome wonder/Consider all the worlds/Thy hands have made/I see the stars/I hear the rolling thunder/Thy power throughout/The universe displayed."
"Me Without You" by TobyMac
From the album: Eye On It, 2012
Lyrics you'll love: "I'd be packin' my bags when I need to stay/I'd be chasin' every breeze that blows my way/I'd be building my kingdom just to watch it fade away."
"Processional" by Josh Garrels
From the album: Love & War and the Sea in Between, 2012
Lyrics you'll love: Instrumental
"The Rose" by Westlife
From the album: The Love Album, 2006
Lyrics you'll love: Some say love, it is a river, that drowns the tender reed/Some say love, it is a razor, that leaves your soul to bleed/Some say love, it is a hunger, an endless aching need/I say love, it is a flower, and you, its only seed."
"In a Moment," by Rebecca St. James
From the album: I Will Praise You, 2011
Lyrics You'll Love: "In a moment, everyone falls silent/To hear the mighty trumpet/Split the eastern sky/Just imagine the King of all Creation/Riding through the heavens/Returning for His bride"
Not sure where to begin with your wedding planning? Take our Style Quiz and we'll pull together a custom wedding vision and vendors to match, just for you. After that, create a free, personalized wedding website to keep your guests informed (and excited!) about your plans, and a time-saving Guest List Manager to organize your attendees. Even better? You can sync your Guest List Manager and wedding website to update everything at once.