100 Wedding Reception Songs Guaranteed to Keep Your Guests on the Dance Floor
You'll never want the party to stop.
Grooms at wedding reception party
Jill Tiongco Photography
sarah hanlon associate editor a
by
Sarah Hanlon
Updated Feb 19, 2020
Looking for standout wedding reception songs to add to your playlist? You've come to the right place. We've rounded up the best wedding music, from classic hits to new and unique tunes that will inspire your reception setlist. Whether you've hired a live band or a DJ, your chosen pro will have your guests on the dance floor all night long thanks to these picks.
If you're looking for a stellar country song or a popular chart-topper, you'll find our favorite wedding reception song choices here. (And if you're in search of a great cake-cutting song or a sentimental father-daughter dance ballad, don't worry—we've included editor-approved selections for those too.) Keep reading to see our top picks, as well as select stand-out options in each genre. Your guests will never want your wedding reception to end with these songs.
In this article:
Wedding Reception Entrance Songs
Wedding Reception Dance Songs
Country Wedding Reception Songs
Classic Wedding Reception Songs
Fun Wedding Reception Songs
Unique Wedding Reception Songs
Wedding Reception Exit Songs
Wedding Reception Entrance Songs
Your wedding reception entrance song sets the tone for the rest of the evening. These opening song ideas are romantic, energetic and downright fun. What better way to kick off the party? Make your grand entrance as newlyweds with any of these hits.
Editor's Pick: "Crazy in Love," Beyoncé. You and your S.O. are crazy in love, after all, which makes this beloved Beyoncé tune an absolute must. There's no doubt you'll have a wedding reception to remember if you kick it off with this song.
"Lovebug," The Jonas Brothers
"You Belong With Me," Taylor Swift
"Love Me Harder," Ariana Grande
"Someone To You," Banners
"Can't Feel My Face," The Weeknd
"One Kiss," Calvin Harris and Dua Lipa
"All I Do is Win," DJ Khaled
"On Top of The World," Imagine Dragons
"Get Lucky," Daft Punk
"Love Me Like You Do," Ellie Goulding
"...Ready For It?" Taylor Swift
"What Lovers Do," Maroon 5 and SZA
"Like I'm Gonna Lose You," Meghan Trainor
Wedding Reception Dance Songs
If your goal is to keep guests on their feet, you'll want to play these wedding reception dance songs. Everyone will have no choice but to break out their best moves with these universally-loved hits.
Editor's Pick: "I Wanna Dance With Somebody," Whitney Houston. Not only is this song a classic that every guest will know, it's a celebrity favorite too. According to celeb DJ Idris Elba, Meghan Markle had this hit on her royal wedding reception playlist.
"Dancing Queen," ABBA
"Everybody (Backstreet's Back)," Backstreet Boys
"Don't Stop Me Now," Queen
"Yeah!" Usher
"Low," Flo Rida
"WOP," J. Dash
"Wobble," V.I.C.
"DJ Got Us Falling In Love," Usher
"Pour Some Sugar On Me," Def Leppard
"Raise Your Glass," Pink
"We Speak No Americano," Yolanda Be Cool & DCUP
"Sweet Home Alabama," Lynyrnd Skynyrd
"You Can't Touch This," MC Hammer
"Gasolina," Daddy Yankee
"Everytime We Touch," Cascada
Country Wedding Reception Songs
Calling all country fans: this section is for you. These songs are the epitome of what makes country music a go-to wedding song genre. From soulful ballads to upbeat hits, these country wedding reception songs are sure to give you (and your guests) all the feels.
From polkas to waltzes, these songs are the perfect ode to your Polish culture.
Editor's Pick: "H.O.L.Y.," Florida Georgia Line. This song will fill you with butterflies at your wedding reception. One of Florida Georgia Line's most personal hits, this is a must for all country-loving newlyweds.
"Butterflies," Kacey Musgraves
"One Thing Right," Marshmello and Kane Brown
"Bless the Broken Road," Rascal Flatts
"God Gave Me You," Blake Shelton
"Make Me Wanna," Thomas Rhett
"Alright," Darius Rucker
"Make It Sweet," Old Dominion
"The Fighter," Keith Urban and Carrie Underwood
"Born to Love You," LANCO
"I Don't Care Who Sees," Devin Dawson
"Round the Clock," Dan and Shay
"I Like the Sound of That," Rascal Flatts
"Every Little Thing," Russell Dickerson
"Here Tonight," Brett Young
"Love Someone," Brett Eldridge
Classic Wedding Reception Songs
There's a reason you hear these tunes at just about every wedding reception. These beloved hits are no-fail options to get your guests in the spirit. Everyone will want to dance and sing along to these classic wedding reception songs.
Editor's Pick: "Shout," The Isley Brothers. This iconic song will unite guests of all ages like no other. Best played toward the middle or end of your reception, this tune will bring the energy levels back up and keep your guests dancing (even if they've already made a few stops by the dessert table).
"Shut Up and Dance," Walk the Moon
"Don't Stop Believin'," Journey
"Sweet Caroline," Neil Diamond
"September," Earth, Wind & Fire
"Love Shack," The B-52's
"Take Me Home, Country Roads," John Denver
"Signed, Sealed Delivered," Stevie Wonder
"You're My Best Friend," Queen
"Marry You," Bruno Mars
"Now That We've Found Love," Heavy D & The Boyz
"The Way You Make Me Feel," Michael Jackson
"How Sweet It Is (To Be Loved by You)," James Taylor
"You Make My Dreams," by Hall & Oates
Fun Wedding Reception Songs
Looking for a good time? Tell the DJ or band to play any of these fun wedding reception songs. The addition of a few popular hits will keep guests entertained for the entire night.
Editor's Pick: "Sucker," The Jonas Brothers. Take advantage of the Jonas Brothers' comeback by adding this fun hit to your wedding reception playlist. Inspired by their wives (the J-Sisters, as fans endearingly know them), this chart-topper is a necessary addition to help everyone (yes, even your Gen-Z guests) break out their best dance moves.
"Cuz I Love You," Lizzo
"Paper Rings," Taylor Swift
"Meant to Be," Florida Georgia Line and Bebe Rexha
"God's Plan," Drake
"Can't Stop the Feeling," Justin Timberlake
"We Found Love," Rihanna and Calvin Harris
"Party in the USA," Miley Cyrus
"Best Day of My Life," American Authors
"Lottery," K Camp
"This is What You Came For," Rihanna and Calvin Harris
"Rollin'," Calvin Harris
"I Found You," Andy Grammer
"Hold On, We're Going Home," Drake
Unique Wedding Reception Songs
Want to play a few songs that you don't hear at every wedding reception? Turn to any of these unique wedding reception songs.
Editor's Pick: "Can We Kiss Forever?" Kina and Adriana Proenza. This song gained widespread popularity after becoming a frequently-used sound on TikTok. While it doesn't have many lyrics, the beat is enough to make you want to grab your spouse and give them a kiss (or two).
"Adore You," Harry Styles
"Taking Me Higher," Illenium
"Goodnight 'n Go," Ariana Grande
"You & Me," That Band Honey
"Best Part of Me," Ed Sheeran
"They Don't Know About Us," One Direction
"Kiss Me," Ed Sheeran
"XO," Beyoncé
"Love on the Brain," Rihanna
"Fallin' All In You," Shawn Mendes
"Like Real People Do," Hozier
"Unapologetically," Kelsey Ballerini
"All the Stars," Kendrick Lamar and SZA
Wedding Reception Exit Songs
Your grand exit should be exactly that: Grand! This selection of wedding reception exit songs would make the perfect addition to your newlywed departure at the end of the night.
Editor's Pick: "Bye Bye Bye," *NSYNC. Need we say more?
"Countdown," Beyoncé
"Closing Time," Semisonic
"All You Need is Love," The Beatles
"Save the Last Dance for Me," Michael Bublé
"You've Got the Love," Florence and The Machine
"Love on Top," Beyoncé
"Happy," Pharrell Williams
"This Will Be (An Everlasting Love)," Natalie Cole
"Evacuate the Dance Floor," Cascada
"Unconditionally," Katy Perry
"Somewhere Only We Know," Keane