115 Relationship Quotes to Make Every Couple Feel All the Feels
We're giving you all the feels with our round up of the most swoon-worthy relationship quotes for every situation.
Bride and groom on wedding day
Rhino Media Weddings
carrie anton a contributor
by
Carrie Anton
Updated Apr 20, 2020
Whether you're about to say "I do" to your perfect match or you've only gone on a few dates, relationships—and the feelings that come with them—can be tricky to put into words. If you need some help expressing yourself (and who doesn't from time to time?), consider using relationship quotes (or love quotes)! Here, we've gathered quotes about relationships from movies, TV, novels, celebrities, love experts and more. If all that kissing has left you tongue tied, these relationship quotes are all you need to have your moment.
Relationship quotes in this article:
Relationship Goals Quotes
Long-Distance Relationship Quotes
Cute Relationship Quotes
Funny Relationship Quotes
New Relationship Quotes
Relationship Quotes for Him
Relationship Quotes for Her
Best Relationship Quotes
Strong Relationship Quotes
Real Relationship Quotes
Inspirational Relationship Quotes
Deep Relationship Quotes
Relationship Goals Quotes
Dr. Seuss relationship goals quotes
Long-Distance Relationship Quotes
Long-distance relationships are super tough, and things can get a little lonely when your loved one is miles away instead of right by your side, but reunions are always oh-so-sweet! They say absence makes the heart grow fonder, and we definitely agree! These long-distance relationship quotes prove that even when you're worlds apart, you can still hold the other person's heart.
Winnie-the-Pooh long-distance relationship quotes illustration
11. "I think we dream so we don't have to be apart for so long. If we're in each other's dreams, we can be together all the time." – A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh
12. "That's how you know you love someone, I guess, when you can't experience anything without wishing the other person were there to see it, too." – Kaui Hart Hemmings, The Descendents
13. "We were together even when we were apart." – Shannon A. Thompson, Death Before Daylight
14. "I will return. I will find you. Love you. Marry you. And live without shame." – Atonement
15. "The scariest thing about distance is you don't know if they'll miss you or forget about you." – Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook
16. "There are no goodbyes for us. Wherever you are, you will always be in my heart." – Mahatma Gandhi
17. "It's enough for me to be sure that you and I exist at this moment." – Gabriel Garcia Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude
18. "The pain of parting is nothing to the joy of meeting again." – Charles Dickens, The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby
19. "It feels good to think about you when I'm warm in bed. I feel as if you're curled up there beside me, fast asleep. And I think how great it would be if it were true." – Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood
20. "But I must admit, I miss you quite terribly. The world is too quiet without you nearby." – Lemony Snicket, The Beatrice Letters
Cute Relationship Quotes
If you and your one and only make a habit of being playful, silly, and smiling a lot, good for you! Even if you've used couple quotes before, you'll love these cute relationship quotes that'll melt your heart and make you fall head over heels all over again.
Everybody Loves Raymond cute relationship quotes illustration
21. "Do you ever put your arms out and just spin and spin and spin? Well, that's what love is like. Everything inside of you tells you to stop before you fall, but you just keep going." – Practical Magic
22. "We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly." – Sam Keen, To Love and Be Loved
23. "I love you, but you don't know what you're talking about." – Moonrise Kingdom
24. "Look, you want to know what marriage is really like? Fine. You wake up, she's there. You come back from work, she's there. You fall asleep, she's there. You eat dinner, she's there. You know? I mean, I know that sounds like a bad thing, but it's not." – Everybody Loves Raymond
25. "All at once everything is different/Now that I see you." – Lyrics from "I See the Light," Tangled
26. "... When I look at you, I can feel it. And... and I look, and I... and I'm home." – Finding Nemo
27. "You are my greatest adventure." – The Incredibles
28. "Love isn't hopeless. Look, maybe I'm no expert on the subject, but there was one time I got it right." – The Simpsons
29. "But for now, let me say...without hope or agenda...to me, you are perfect. And my wasted heart will love you." – Love Actually
30. "If I had a flower for every time I thought of you... I could walk through my garden forever." – Alfred Tennyson
Funny Relationship Quotes
The Hunger Games funny relationship quotes illustration
31. "Remember, we're madly in love, so it's alright to kiss me anytime you feel like it." –The Hunger Games
32. "It don't take a word, not a single word. Go on and kiss the girl." – The Little Mermaid
33. "Good luck finding somebody to put up with your shit for more than, like, six months. Okay? But I accept the whole package, the crazy and the brilliant. Alright? I know you're not gonna change and I don't want you to. It's called accepting you for being you." – Before Midnight
34. "... I know I'm old enough to be his mother, but when the Duck laid that kiss on me last night, I swear my thighs just went up in flames! He must practice on melons or something." – Pretty in Pink
35. "She is the only evidence of God I have seen with the exception of the mysterious force that removes one sock from the dryer every time I do my laundry." – St. Elmo's Fire
36. "Yes, I'm drunk. And you're beautiful. And tomorrow morning, I'll be sober but you'll still be beautiful." – The Dreamers
37. "If the whole damn world was to go to the dogs, as long as I had you by my side, y'know, or sittin' by my side, or layin' here, by my side, everything'll be just okay. I've been blowing my horn for a lotta years, but lemme tell you somethin': I ain't nothin' without you." – All in the Family
38. "Man may have discovered fire, but women discovered how to play with it." – Sex and the City
39. "If you love something, and you set it free, and it doesn't come back... you're a dumbass!" – Beavis & Butt-Head
40. "Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves." – Albert Einstein
New Relationship Quotes
Are your insides all aflutter? Are you counting down the seconds until you'll see him or her next? Does a simple text make you giddier than a child? Sounds like you might be starting fresh in the world of love! If sparks fly when you say his or her name, these new relationship quotes will mean a lot to you.
Dirty Dancing new relationship quotes illustration
41. "Look, in my opinion, the best thing you can do is find a person who loves you for exactly what you are. Good mood, bad mood, ugly, pretty, handsome, what have you, the right person is still going to think the sun shines out your ass. That's the kind of person that's worth sticking with." – Juno
42. "I love her and that's the beginning and end of everything." – F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby
43. "I came here tonight because when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible." – When Harry Met Sally
44. "You were worth the wait, and I don't just mean tonight." – Friends
45. "Me? I'm scared of everything. I'm scared of what I saw, I'm scared of what I did, of who I am, and most of all I'm scared of walking out of this room and never feeling the rest of my whole life the way I feel when I'm with you." – Dirty Dancing
46. "That's why they call them crushes. If they were easy, they'd call 'em something else." – Sixteen Candles
47. "You cannot leave everything to Fate, boy. She's got a lot to do. Sometimes you must give her a hand." – Ever After
48. "Three words. Eight letters. Say it, and I'm yours." – Gossip Girl
49. "We're all a little weird. And life is a little weird. And when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutually satisfying weirdness—and call it love—true love." – Robert Fulghum, True Love
Relationship Quotes for Him
If you're finding that you're at a loss for words when expressing your feelings for your man, get inspired by these relationship quotes for him. Defining your love for your mister is about to get easier to master.
Bob Marley quotes about relationships illustration
50. "Can't you see? Every step I have taken, since I was that little girl on the bridge, was to bring me closer to you." – Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha
51. "And don't forget... I'm also just a girl, standing in front of a boy, asking him to love her." – Notting Hill
52. "Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same." – Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights
53. "The way her body existed only where he touched her. The rest of her was smoke." – Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things
54. "If she's amazing, she won't be easy. If she's easy, she won't be amazing. If she's worth it, you won't give up. If you give up, you're not worthy." – Bob Marley quotes about relationships
55. "I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best." – Marilyn Monroe
56. "A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment." – Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice
57. "It doesn't matter if the guy is perfect or the girl is perfect, as long as they are perfect for each other." – Good Will Hunting
Relationship Quotes for Her
Even if you're one of those guys who tends to keep his feelings tucked inside, trust us—your lady wants you to profess your love! Having trouble? We've got you covered—try these relationship quotes for her to help express your emotions in ways that will melt her heart.
Gone with the Wind relationship quotes for her illustration
58. "You make me want to be a better man." – As Good as It Gets
59. "You should be kissed and often, and by someone who knows how." – Gone with the Wind
60. "He stepped down, trying not to look long at her, as if she were the sun, yet he saw her, like the sun, even without looking." – Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina
61. "The greatest thing you'll ever learn/Is just to love, and be loved, in return." – Moulin Rouge
62. "But the you who you are tonight is the same you I was in love with yesterday, the you I'll be in love with tomorrow." – If I Stay
Here's your ultimate guide to Egyptian weddings and their accompanying traditions.
63. "That's my sweetheart in there. Wherever she is, that's where my home is." – Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook
64. "You erased me from your memories because you thought you were holding me back from having a full and happy life. But you made a mistake. Being with you is the only way I could have a full and happy life. You're the girl of my dreams… and apparently, I'm the man of yours." – 50 First Dates
65. "And when I'm with her, I feel happy to be alive. Like I can do anything." – Boy Meets World
66. "Once upon a time there was a boy who loved a girl, and her laughter was a question he wanted to spend his whole life answering." – Nicole Krauss, The History of Love
67. "The most precious possession that ever comes to a man in this world is a woman's heart." – Josiah G. Holland
Best Relationship Quotes
Most of the time, those three little words—"I love you"—say it best. But if you're looking to elevate your sentiments, we've rounded up the best relationship quotes that give this old standby a run for its money by saying exactly what we're thinking.
Lord of the Rings best relationship quotes illustration
68. "I have crossed oceans of time to find you." – Bram Stoker's Dracula
69. "A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality." – John Lennon
70. "You had me at hello." ­– Jerry McGuire
71. "Love is a song that never ends." – "Love Is a Song," Bambi
72. "If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you." – A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh
73. "Love is the only reality and it is not a mere sentiment. It is the ultimate truth that lies at the heart of creation." – Rabindranath Tagore
74. "I would rather share one lifetime with you, than face all the ages of this world alone." – Lord of the Rings
75. "For the two of us, home isn't a place. It is a person. And we are finally home." – Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss
Strong Relationship Quotes
P.S. I Love You strong relationship quotes illustration
76. "I'm in love with you, and I'm not in the business of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things." – John Green, The Fault in Our Stars
77. "In vain I have struggled. It will not do. My feelings will not be repressed. You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you." – Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice
78. "It isn't possible to love and to part. You will wish that it was. You can transmute love, ignore it, muddle it, but you can never pull it out of you. I know by experience that the poets are right: love is eternal." – E.M. Forster, A Room with a View
79. "The biggest coward of a man is to awaken the love of a woman without the intention of loving her." – Bob Marley quotes about relationships
80. "You don't love someone because they're perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they're not." – Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper
81. "Love is an untamed force. When we try to control it, it destroys us. When we try to imprison it, it enslaves us. When we try to understand it, it leaves us feeling lost and confused." – Paulo Coelho
82. "There's no such thing as the perfect soulmate. If you meet someone and you think they're perfect, you better run as fast as you can in the other direction, cause your soulmate is the person that pushes all your buttons, pisses you off on a regular basis, and makes you face your shit." – Madonna
83. "A soul mate's purpose is to shake you up, tear apart your ego a little bit, show you your obstacles and addictions, break your heart open so new light can get in, make you so desperate and out of control that you have to transform your life, then introduce you to your spiritual master..." – Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love
84. "Finding someone you love and who loves you back is a wonderful, wonderful feeling. But finding a true soul mate is an even better feeling. A soul mate is someone who understands you like no other, loves you like no other, will be there for you forever, no matter what. They say that nothing lasts forever, but I am a firm believer in the fact that for some, love lives on even after we're gone." – Cecelia Ahern, P.S. I Love You
Real Relationship Quotes
Not even celebrities can escape Cupid's arrow, and these real relationship quotes shared by red carpet duos show no acting is necessary when it comes to professing their true love.
Justin Timberlake real relationship quotes illustrations
85. "I'm not one for vomiting declarations of sentiment out across the airwaves, but when we had that baby, I fell more in love with my wife than I'd ever been in my entire life. I couldn't even believe it." – Ryan Reynold on The Late Show with David Letterman about wife Blake Lively
86. "I knew he would always be my best friend for my whole life. That was the biggest thing to me. I'd never known anything like the friendship that I had with him. I could like him as much as I loved him." – Blake Lively on husband Ryan Reynolds in an interview with Marie Claire
87. "Just knowing someone's always going to be honest and tell the truth, [who] can understand exactly what I'm going through—and I can understand exactly what he's going through." – Beyoncé about husband Jay-Z in an interview with Vogue
88. "Sleeping every night next to Mona Lisa/The modern-day version with better features." – Jay-Z's Magna Carta Holy Grail album lyrics about wife Beyoncé
89. "One of the coolest things is how supportive and happy and proud he is of my success lately. I'm with someone who is totally secure in himself. He's not trying to be anything other than what he is. The confidence he has brings it to me." – Chrissy Teigen on husband John Legend in an interview with Cosmopolitan
90. "We support each other in everything that we do and I love seeing her succeed at the things she loves to do and she loves seeing me succeed at things that I love to do. That's the way you should be with your partner." – John Legend on Twitter about why his relationship with Chrissy Teigen works
91. "Every once in awhile, I can catch a glimpse of her when she doesn't see me looking and I have this moment when I'm like, 'If you never make a good decision, if you only make bad decisions for the rest of your life, you made one really good decision.' It's nice to marry your friend, it's nice to marry your best friend. It suits me." – Justin Timberlake on The Ellen DeGeneres Show about being married to Jessica Biel
92. "[Being married] just feels incredible. It feels like you have this partner who is going to be with you and also change light bulbs and do dishes with you." – Jessica Biel about husband Justin Timberlake on The Ellen DeGeneres Show
93. "Dax helped me learn that I don't have it all figured out. Sometimes that's the greatest gift someone can give you." – Kristen Bell on husband Dax Shepard in an interview with Good Housekeeping
94. "She's way out of my league. Learn to dance, young men, learn to dance. Make jokes and learn to dance, and you can land a Kristen Bell." Dax Shepard about wife Kristen Bell as told to Queen Latifah on her talk show.
95. "If you were going to list the 100 most popular things that I have done as president, being married to Michelle Obama is number one." President Barack Obama about First Lady Michelle, reportedly said after giving his first State of The Union Address
96. "One of the things that attracted me to Barack was his emotional honesty. Right off the bat he said what he felt. There are no games with him—he is who he appears to be. I feel fortunate as a woman to have a husband who loves me and shows me in every way. So yes, I do know that. And now he'll know I know." – First Lady Michelle Obama in an interview with Prevention about President Barack Obama.
Inspirational Relationship Quotes
Whether you're seeking your soulmate, struggling through a rough patch or just counting down the days until your life as husband and wife will begin, these inspirational relationship quotes prove love has no boundaries and can carry you through if you just open your heart.
Helen Keller inspirational relationship quotes illustration
97. "The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard—they must be felt with the heart." – Helen Keller
98. "There are dreamers and there are realists in this world. You'd think the dreamers would find the dreamers, and the realists would find the realists, but more often than not, the opposite is true. You see, the dreamers need the realists to keep them from soaring too close to the sun. And the realists? Well, without the dreamers, they might not ever get off the ground." – Modern Family
99. "Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope." – Maya Angelou quotes on love and relationships
100. "But love doesn't make sense! You can't logic your way into or out of it. Love is totally nonsensical. But we have to keep doing it or else we're lost, and love is dead and humanity should just pack it in. Because love is the best thing we do." – How I Met Your Mother
101. "At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet." – Plato
102. "There is never a time or place for true love. It happens accidentally, in a heartbeat, in a single flashing, throbbing moment." – Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever
103. "Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold." – Zelda Fitzgerald
104. "The only time I don't feel like a ghost is when you look at me, because when you look at me, you see me. You see me. This is me. This is me." – Grey's Anatomy
105. "Four years ago, I was just a guy who had a crush on a girl, who had a boyfriend. And I had to do the hardest thing that I've ever had to do, which was just to... wait... And, a lot of people told me I was crazy to wait this long for a date with a girl I work with but I think, even then, I knew that… I was waiting for my wife." – The Office
106. "Don't ever think I fell for you, or fell over you. I didn't fall in love; I rose in it." – Toni Morrison, Jazz
Deep Relationship Quotes
We're not done yet! It's time to dig deep and discover the words and ideas that strike at the heart of the matter. Which is, of course, the heart. Give these deep relationship quotes about love the time and space to bloom inside of you and enjoy the results!
107. "Tell me who admires you loves you, and I will tell you who you are." – Antoine de Saint-Exupery
108. "There is no remedy for love but to love more." – Henry David Thoreau, journal entry
109. "Who, being loved, is poor?" – Oscar Wilde, A Woman of No Importance
110. "In the flush of love's light, we dare be brave. And suddenly we see that love costs all we are, and will ever be. Yet it is only love which sets us free." – Maya Angelou, "Touched by an Angel"
111. "Love is the only gold." – Alfred Lord Tennyson, Becket
112. "Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable." – Bruce Lee, "Love Is Like a Friendship Caught on Fire"
113. "For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love." – Carl Sagan, Contact
114. "If you wished to be loved, love." – Lucius Annaeus Seneca
115. "The love we give away is the only love we keep." – Elbert Hubbard
A Relationship Quote of Every Occasion
Whether you want to tuck a relationship quote under the pillow of your someone special, inspire yourself to be more loving each morning or add a relationship quote to your wedding speech, you've got over 100 quotes to choose from now. Just in case you need just a few more inspiring quotes, take a look at 150 Swoon-Worthy Love Quotes that will fill your heart with even more love.