140 Swoon-Worthy Love Quotes
Profess your love in style on any occasion.
Bride and groom on wedding day
Tamara Gruner Photography
kathleen mccann a contributor
by
Kathleen McCann
Updated Jul 15, 2020
There's nothing better than some romantic love quotes to help you get in touch with exactly what love means to you. Often, a great love quote or a few lines of dialogue or song lyrics can help you express yourself more eloquently. Great love sayings can help put your feelings into words. Here, a collection of our favorite quotes about love straight from the pros—from Jerry Maguire and Beyoncé to Shakespeare. Whether you're looking for the perfect romantic love quote for your wedding vows, to include on your wedding invitations or you simply need help expressing yourself to your partner, let these famous love phrases do the talking for you.
Quotes About Love in this Article:
Sweet/Cute Love Quotes
Funny Love Quotes
Short Love Quotes
Inspirational/Beautiful Love Quotes
Best Love Quotes
Bible Love Quotes
World Religions Love Quotes
Famous Love Quotes
Shakespeare Love Quotes
Country Love Quotes
Disney Love Quotes
Love quotes
Megan Rubey
Sweet/Cute Love Quotes
If romantic love quotes are too much, but a funny love quote isn't appropriate, perhaps you're in the market for a sweet love quote. Our collection of cute love quotes will make you smile without being too heavy-handed about your love.
Dr. Seuss cute love quotes
Megan Rubey
1. "For small creatures such as we, the vastness is bearable only through love." – Carl Sagan
2. "When you're a kid, you assume your parents are soulmates. My kids are gonna be right about that." – The Office
3. "So excuse me forgetting
But these things, I do
You see, I've forgotten
If they're green or they're blue.
Anyway, the thing is, what I really mean
Yours are the sweetest eyes I've ever seen."
– Elton John, "Your Song"
4. "Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold."
– Zelda Fitzgerald
5. "Two people in love, alone, isolated from the world, that's beautiful." – Milan Kundera
6. "True love stories never have endings." – Richard Bach
7. "The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched—they must be felt with the heart." – Helen Keller
8. "Deep within us — no matter who we are — there lives a feeling of wanting to be lovable, of wanting to be the kind of person that others like to be with. And the greatest thing we can do is to let people know that they are loved and capable of loving." – Fred Rogers
9. "The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return." – Nat King Cole, "Nature Boy" lyrics
10. "Laughter is holier than piety, freedom is sweeter than fame, and in the end it's love and love alone that really matters." – Tom Robbins
WATCH RELATED VIDEO
11. "You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams." – Dr. Seuss
12. "She had blue skin,
And so did he.
He kept it hid
And so did she.
They searched for blue
Their whole life through,
Then passed right by-
And never knew."
– Shel Silverstein, "Masks"
13. "You're my one in five billion." – The X-Files
14. "Happiness is anyone and anything at all that's loved by you." – You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown
15. "A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you." – Elbert Hubbard
16. "Maybe you don't need the whole world to love you, you know. Maybe you just need one person." – The Muppets
17. "That's why they call them crushes. If they were easy, they'd call them something else." – Sixteen Candles
18. "Once upon a time there was a boy who loved a girl, and her laughter was a question he wanted to spend his whole life answering." – Nicole Krauss, The History of Love
19. "Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired." – Robert Frost
20. "At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet." – Plato
Funny Love Quotes
There's no doubt about it: There's something funny about love! Funny love quotes and funny love phrases can be the perfect way to bring a smile to the face of someone you care about. It's a sweet, tender way to share your emotions without being heavy handed. These quotes also work great in wedding toasts and speeches.
Gilmore Girls funny love quotes
Megan Rubey
21. "Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra and then suddenly it flips over, pinning you underneath. At night, the ice weasels come." – Matt Groening, The Big Book of Hell
22. "All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt." - Charles M. Schulz
23. "I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life. " – Rita Rudner
24. "Love is something sent from heaven to worry the hell out of you." – Dolly Parton
25. "I just happened to be nowhere near your neighborhood." – Singles
26. "I'm afraid once your heart is involved, it all comes out in moron." – Gilmore Girls
27. "Falling in love is not at all the most stupid thing that people do, but gravitation cannot be held responsible for it." – Albert Einstein
28. "Real love amounts to withholding the truth, even when you're offered the perfect opportunity to hurt someone's feelings." – David Sedaris
29. "Marriage is like a game of chess except the board is flowing water, the pieces are made of smoke and no move you make will have any effect on the outcome." – Jerry Seinfeld
30. "Love is a two-way street constantly under construction." – Carroll Bryant
Short Love Quotes
Save the grand gestures and romantic speeches for your reception; sometimes brevity is key! These short love quotes prove that just a few short words can say everything. Jot one of these short love sayings on a scrap of paper and leave it under the pillow of your partner or hide them around the house. You'll get smiles for days.
Love Actually short love quotes
Megan Rubey
31. "I love you and I like you." – Parks and Recreation
32. "Who, being loved, is poor?" – Oscar Wilde
33. "I like you very much. Just as you are." – Bridget Jones's Diary
34. "True love is inexhaustible. The more you give, the more you have." – Antoine De Saint-Exupery
35. "Nothing compares to you." – Prince, "Nothing Compares 2 U" lyrics
36. "Love loves to love love." – James Joyce
37. "You make me want to be a better man." – As Good As It Gets
38. "To me you are perfect." – Love Actually
39. "Love me—that's all I ask of you." – Phantom of the Opera
40. "I'm in lesbians with you." – Scott Pilgrim vs. the World
Inspirational/Beautiful Love Quotes
Love is powerful and can motivate, heal and inspire. These can't-miss inspirational love quotes will give you all the feels. They make the perfect addition to an anniversary card, your wedding vows or just because. Make the day a little brighter for your someone special by sharing these quotes.
Sex and the City inspirational love quotes
Megan Rubey
41. "Love is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own." – Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land
42. "But the heart's not like a box that gets filled up. It expands in size the more you love." – Her
43. "There is no remedy for love, but to love more." – Thoreau
44. "There's only one thing that cuts through all our realities and that's love—the bridge between all our differences." – The L Word
45. "Some love stories aren't epic novels. Some are short stories, but that doesn't make them any less filled with love." – Sex and the City
46. "All, everything that I understand, I understand only because I love." – Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace
47. "Give in to love, or live in fear." – Rent
48. "Because through love, we feel the intensity of our connection to everything and everyone. And at the core we are all the same. We're all one." – Loving Annabelle
49. "Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend." – Martin Luther King, Jr.
50. "We accept the love we think we deserve." – Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower
51. "We loved with a love that was more than love." – Edgar Allen Poe, "Annabel Lee"
52. "Absence is to love what wind is to fire; it extinguishes the small, it enkindles the great." – Roger de Rabutin
53. "My love she speaks like silence,
Without ideals or violence,
She doesn't have to say she's faithful,
Yet she's true, like ice, like fire.
People carry roses
Make promises by the hours,
My love she laughs like the flowers,
Valentines can't buy her."
– Bob Dylan, "Love Minus Zero/No Limit" lyrics
54. "If you find me not within you, you will never find me. For I have been with you, from the beginning of me." – Rumi
55. "Lonely days of uncertainty, they disappear when you're near me, when you're around my life's worthwhile, and now I long to see you smile." – Big Star, "My Life is Right" lyrics
56. "I may not always love you,
But long as there are stars above you,
You'll have no need to doubt it,
I'll make you so sure about it."
– Beach Boys, "God Only Knows" lyrics
57. "I love you without knowing how, or when, or from where,
I love you simply, without problems or pride:
I love you in this way because I don't know any other way of loving."
– Pablo Neruda, "Sonnet XVII" lyrics
58. "I can't do everything but I'd do anything for you
I can't do anything except be in love with you."
– Dire Straits, "Romeo and Juliet" lyrics
59. "In all the world, there is no heart for me like yours. In all the world, there is no love for you like mine." –Maya Angelou
60. "If I never see you again I will always carry you
inside
outside
on my fingertips
and at brain edges
and in centers
centers
of what I am of
what remains."
– Charles Bukowski, Living on Luck
Best Love Quotes
The best love quotes are those that nail your feelings in one sentence. Opt for one of these love quotes if you're looking for wedding wishes to send, or use one to spice up your wedding invitations!
Audrey Hepburn best love quotes
Megan Rubey
61. "A simple 'I love you' means more than money." – Frank Sinatra, "Tell Her You Love Her" lyrics
62. "The real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead or smiling into your eyes or just staring into space." – Marilyn Monroe
63. "Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies." – Aristotle
64. "The best thing to hold onto in life is each other." – Audrey Hepburn
65. "Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye." – H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
66. "Love is when he gives you a piece of your soul that you never knew was missing." – Torquato Tasso
67. "Love is a friendship set to music." – Joseph Campbell
68. "If I know what love is, it is because of you." – Herman Hesse, Narcissus and Goldmund
69. "Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get—only with what you are expecting to give—which is everything." – Katharine Hepburn, Me: Stories of My Life
70. "It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages." – Friedrich Nietzsche
71. "If one day the moon calls you by your name don't be surprised, because every night I tell her about you." – Shahrazad al-Khalij
72. "How odd I can have all this inside me and to you it's just words." – David Foster Wallace
73. "If you were in an accident, I wouldn't stop for red lights." – The West Wing
74. "I would rather share one lifetime with you than face all the ages of this world alone." – J.K.K. Tolken, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
75. "I love you. I've loved you since the first moment I saw you. I guess maybe I've even loved you before I saw you." – A Place in the Sun
Bible Love Quotes
There's no doubt that the Bible is the ultimate guidebook for love. Whether you're looking for a Bible love quote for a religious occasion or you're exploring love and faith in your own life, these love quotes are a beautiful place to start.
Romans Bible love quotes
76. "Love suffers long and is kind; love does not envy; love does not parade itself, is not puffed up; does not behave rudely, does not seek its own, is not provoked, thinks no evil; does not rejoice in iniquity, but rejoices in the truth; bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things." – 1 Corinthians 13:4-7
77. "The flowers have already appeared in the land; The time has arrived for pruning the vines, And the voice of the turtledove has been heard in our land. The fig tree has ripened its figs, And the vines in blossom have given forth their fragrance. Arise, my darling, my beautiful one, And come along!'" – Song of Solomon 2:12
78. "Be devoted to one another in love. Honor one another above yourselves." – Romans 12:10
79. "But Ruth said, 'Do not urge me to leave you or turn back from following you; for where you go, I will go, and where you lodge, I will lodge. Your people shall be my people, and your God, my God.'" – Ruth 1:16
80. "Don't just pretend to love others. Really love them. Hate what is wrong. Hold tightly to what is good. Love each other with genuine affection, and take delight in honoring each other." – Romans 12:9-15, New Living Translation
81. "Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins." – 1 Peter 4:8
82. "There is no fear in love, but perfect love drives out fear, because fear involves punishment. The one who fears has not been perfected in love." – 1 John 4:18
83. "We love because He first loved us." – 1 John 4:19
84. "Most of all, let love guide your life, for then the whole church will stay together in perfect harmony." – Colossians 3:14
85. "Be completely humble and gentle; be patient, bearing with one another in love." – Ephesians 4:2
World Religions Love Quotes
Every religion has something to say about love. For those who want to find love through their own faith or explore the teachings of other traditions, these love phrases are worth studying. Though they come from different faith leaders, from different parts of the world, and through the millennia, these quotes show that love is a common language to all.
86. "Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth, for your love is better than wine." King Solomon, Song of Songs 1:2
87. "Radiate boundless love towards the entire world—above, below, and across—unhindered, without ill will, without enmity." Buddha
88. "Love and compassion are the true religions to me. But to develop this, we do not need to believe in any religion" Dalai Lama
89. "A husband and wife are one soul, separated only through their descent to this world. When they are married, they are reunited again." The Zohar, 191a
90. "Love is a gift of one's inner most soul to another so both can be whole." Buddha
91. "A man should eat and drink less than his means, clothes himself according to his means, and honor his wife and children beyond his means." Talmud, Chullin 84b
92. "Love is the absence of judgement" Dalai Lama
93. "The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart." Buddha
Famous Love Quotes
The whole world swooned when Jerry Maguire aimed those smoldering eyes at Dorothy and said, "You complete me." If you want to make a splash with just one quote, a famous love quote is the way to go. After all, they're timeless for a reason!
Notting Hill famous love quotes
Megan Rubey
94. "You had me at 'hello.' " – Jerry Maguire
95. "'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all." – Alfred Lord Tennyson, "In Memoriam A.H.H"
96. "Love means never having to say you're sorry." – Love Story
97. "What do you want? You want the moon? Just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around it and pull it down." – It's a Wonderful Life
98. "All you need is love." – The Beatles, "All You Need Is Love" lyrics
99. "Where there is love there is life." – Mahatma Gandhi
100. "Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, she walks into mine." – Casablanca
101. "Pleasure of love lasts but a moment. Pain of love lasts a lifetime." – Bette Davis
102. "And don't forget—I'm also just a girl, standing in front of a boy, asking him to love her." – Notting Hill
103. "Nobody puts Baby in a corner." – Dirty Dancing
Shakespeare Love Quotes
These quotes about love come straight from the master of love himself—you guessed it—William Shakespeare! If you want to dazzle your partner with some of the most poetic sentiments around, then trust the bard. These Shakespearean love sayings will take your beloved's breath away.
Hamlet Shakespeare love quotes
Megan Rubey
104. "Love is not love which alters when it alteration finds, or bends with the remover to remove: O no! it is an ever-fixed mark, that looks on tempests and is never shaken." – "Sonnet 116"
105. "Doubt thou the stars are fire, Doubt that the sun doth move, Doubt truth to be a liar, But never doubt I love." – Hamlet
106. "Now join your hands, and with your hands your hearts." – King Henry V
107. "Love is a smoke and is made with the fume of sighs." – Romeo and Juliet
108. "I do love nothing in the world so well as you." – Much Ado About Nothing
109. "Love looks not with the eyes but with the mind." – A Midsummer Night's Dream
110. "Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none." – All's Well That Ends Well
111. "The sight of lovers feedeth those in love." – As You Like It
112. "Hear my soul speak. Of the very instant that I saw you, Did my heart fly at your service" – The Tempest
113. "Love comforteth like sunshine after rain." – "Venus and Adonis"
114. "Who ever loved that loved not at first sight?" – As You Like It
115. "Hear my soul speak. Of the very instant that I saw you, Did my heart fly at your service." The Tempest
116. "What is light, if Sylvia be not seen? What is joy if Sylvia be not by?" The Two Gentlemen of Verona
Country Love Quotes
Give your sentiments a country-style kick with our list of romantic and sentimental country love quotes. Whether you're looking for a quote to match your wedding's country vibe, or simply love country music, we've got you covered with these quotes about love.
Trisha Yearwood country love quotes
Megan Rubey
Give your sentiments a country-style kick with our list of romantic and sentimental country love quotes. Whether you're looking for a quote to match your wedding's country vibe, or simply love country music, we've got you covered with these quotes about love.
117. "This much I know is true
That God blessed the broken road
That led me straight to you."
– Rascal Flatts, "Bless the Broken Road" lyrics
118. "Through weakness and strength
Happiness and sorrow
For better, for worse
I will love you with every beat of my heart."
– Shania Twain, "From This Moment On" lyrics
119. "From here on after
Let's stay the way we are right now
And share all the love and laughter
That a lifetime will allow."
– George Strait, "I Cross My Heart" lyrics
120. "The way we work together is what sets our love apart
So closely that you can't tell where I end and where you start."
– Clint Black, "Something That We Do" lyrics
121. "Life with you makes perfect sense
You're my best friend."
– Tim McGraw, "My Best Friend" lyrics
122. "Be a best friend, tell the truth
And overuse 'I love you.'"
– Lee Brice, "Love Like Crazy" lyrics
123. "Holding you I held everything." – Garth Brooks, "The Dance" lyrics
124. "What's meant to be will always find a way." – Trisha Yearwood, "She's in Love with the Boy" lyrics
125. "They didn't have you where I come from
Never knew the best was yet to come
Life began when I saw your face
And I hear your laugh like a serenade."
– Dixie Chicks, "Lullaby" lyrics
126. "There ain't a cowboy hat in Dallas if I ain't in love with you." – The Charlie Daniels Band, "Cowboy Hat in Dallas" lyrics
Disney Love Quotes
We're crushing hard on Disney love quotes because, well, it's Disney. Simple, sweet, and dipped in nostalgia, you can use these love phrases for just about anything. Just don't call them cartoonish!
Finding Nemo Disney love quotes
Megan Rubey
127. "When somebody loved me
Everything was beautiful." – Toy Story 2
128. "Some people are worth melting for." – Frozen
129. "It's enough for this restless wanderer just to be with you." – The Lion King
130. "It's there, I know it is, because when I look at you, I can feel it. And I look at you, and I'm home." – Finding Nemo
131. "All at once everything looks different, now that I see you." – Tangled
132. "Love is a song that never ends." – Bambi
133. "Tell me, princess, now when did you last let your heart decide?" – Aladdin
134. "You mean more to me than anyone in this whole world." – Peter Pan
135. "You are my greatest adventure." – The Incredibles
136. "One song, my heart keeps singing, of one love only for you." – Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
137. "I have just met you and I love you." Dug, Up
138. "I'd rather die tomorrow than live a hundred years without knowing you." – John Smith, Pocahontas
139. "You were my new dream" – Flynn Rider, Tangled
140. "Love is an open door." – Anna and Hans, Frozen
Put These Love Quotes to Work
Whether you want to surprise your someone special with a romantic card "just because" or find the perfect love saying for your wedding vows, we've got you covered. These 140 love quotes and love phrases will give you the right words to say to express what's truly in your heart. If you need a little more inspiration on writing unforgettable vows, take a look at all of our wedding vows advice and tips.