2017 wedding trend: tribal pattern wedding
Ceremonies & Traditions, Planning
2017 wedding trend: tribal pattern wedding
Emily Rochotte, 6 years ago 2 min read
2017 wedding trend: Tribal pattern wedding
In past years, fashion designers and celebrities have created and worn Native American-inspired designs that have raised the discussion of cultural appropriation. In 2016 Canadian Metis artist Christi Belcourt created a fashion line for Valentino that was inspired by nature and thoroughly researched.
Canadian Metis artist collaborates with fashion powerhouse Valentino for 2016 collection
“The number one thing to me is always, not only how we’re treated as Indigenous peoples, but how is the environment treated. I was really pleased and surprised that Valentino is ranked number one by Greenpeace for all top fashion designers. They have built into their company environmentally and socially conscious steps and they’ve also committed to eliminate all hazardous materials by the year 2020,” said Belcourt.
With environment being so important to Belcourt, she was pleased to learn that Valentino is ranked number one by Greenpeace for all top fashion designers, with eco-friendliness being in the root of their values. Belcourt’s art is inspired by the outdoors and natural elements and features bright colors and detailed patterns to create a vivid scene.
Designs inspired by Belcourt’s art create stunning pieces for couples that are looking for a classy, elegant look for their wedding day, but are not interested in the traditional white and ivory gowns.
Photo via APTN News
These patterns can also be translated from fashion to other textiles and prints such as table cloths, napkins and print invitations. Belcourt’s designs are perfect for couples planning a colorful wedding, outdoor wedding or any wedding focusing on natural theme.
Native American-inspired design weddings will also be on the rise this year now that the Cherokee nation recently agreed to recognize marriage equality.
Tell us, will you be taking inspiration from Belcourt and Valentino for your wedding?
H/T: Angela Desveaux, WedLuxe Magazine
Real LGBTQ+ Weddings
Whimsical outdoor wedding in the Pacific Northwest
Real LGBTQ+ Weddings
Teal and white wedding at California winery
Emily Rochotte
