2023 Bridal Accessory Trends to Elevate Your Wedding Look
Your wedding wardrobe is about to get a major upgrade.
bridal jewelry
Monica Mercuri - a Assistant Fashion Commerce Editor
by
Monica Mercuri
Updated Dec 09, 2022
We have included third party products to help you navigate and enjoy life’s biggest moments. Purchases made through links on this page may earn us a commission.
With all the events leading up to your wedding day—your engagement party, bridal shower, bachelorette party and rehearsal dinner—there are so many opportunities to accessorize your bridal outfits. And if you're looking to incorporate of-the-moment, trendy pieces into your personal style, you've come to the right place. We're sharing the top 2023 bridal accessory trends straight from New York Bridal Fashion Week runways, from celestial veils and embellished wedding shoes to regal-inspired gloves and dreamy bows (along with shoppable inspiration to get you started).
So whether you want to channel timeless elegance, flashy fun or something in between, these fashionable accessories will be dominating the 2023 bridal scene alongside these 2023 wedding dress trends.
2023 Bridal Accessory Trends:
Bridal Gloves
Luxe Bridal Veils and Capes
Embellished Wedding Shoes
Bow Accents
Pearlcore Accessories
Barbiecore Accessories
1. Bridal Gloves
Rivini Fall 2023 bridal gloves
Cucculelli Shaheen
Bridal gloves were the top trending wedding accessory at NYBFW. Seriously, nearly every wedding dress collection included a polished pair of wedding gloves. Not only are they available in a variety of fabrics, lengths and hues, but you can find a pair for virtually any wedding vibe, from traditional and vintage to simple and modern. Whether you're looking for a contemporary wrist-length set or an elegant elbow-length pair, bridal gloves will continue to trend big in 2023.
lace bridal gloves
Francesa Miranda
Shop the trend:
Cult Gaia Glove in Off White
trendy bridal gloves with feather details
Fluffy plumes decorate this extravagant pair of trendy bridal gloves from Cult Gaia. The feather details make it a festive and fashion-forward bridal accessory to complement your reception or after-party outfit.
$198 | REVOLVE
Bridal by ELOQUII Sequin Gloves in Off-White
opera-length bridal gloves embellished with sequins
Bring on the sparkles. These bridal gloves are embellished with sequins for an opulent and glamorous look. The opera-length style starts at the hand and goes up to the upper arm—ensuring a sophisticated look fit for royalty.
$49 | ELOQUII
David's Bridal Lace Appliqued Wrist-Length Gloves in White
wrist-length bridal gloves with lace
What about a polished wrist-length pair to add to your wedding wardrobe? These bridal gloves are embroidered with intricate lace and sequins for a classic look. Wear them to your outdoor garden party or to your Bridgerton-inspired soiree.
$20 | David's Bridal
2. Luxe Bridal Veils and Capes
celestial wedding veil
Cucculelli Shaheen
Move aside simple bridal veils and wedding capes—embellishments are taking over the runways (and your wedding wardrobe in 2023). From luminous pearls to ethereal celestial designs, both accessories are getting the maximalist treatment next year. Pair them with a simple wedding dress or sleek bridal pantsuit—or go all out with an extravagant ball gown that'll make a big fashion statement.
embellished lace bridal veil
Claire Pettibone
Shop the trend:
Grace Loves Lace Celestial Veil in Ivory
ivory tulle and crystal bridal veil
Handcrafted from ivory tulle and adorned with 139 glass crystals, you'll shimmer from all angles wearing this celestial-inspired bridal veil. It's an artisanal and statement-making style that will get tons of attention on your wedding day.
$540 | Grace Loves Lace
Amborella Bridal Pearl Capelet in White
sheer organza bridal capelet studded with pearls
There's something so elegant about this sheer organza bridal capelet studded with shiny pearls. This delicate capelet sits over your shoulders and hits right at the elbow without limiting movement. Whether you want to wear it for a traditional ceremony or a modern rooftop party, it'll make a foolproof addition to your bridal wardrobe.
From $52 | Etsy
Cucculelli Shaheen Constellation Cathedral Cape
cathedral-length bridal cape covered in constellation motifs
Here's another stellar design that's out of this world. This cathedral-length bridal cape is covered in constellation motifs composed of crystals, beads, paillettes and metallic threadwork. And, to make it even more sentimental, you can inquire to fully customize the star map embroidery for the skirt or cape.
$6,000 | Cucculelli Shaheen
Claire Pettibone Enchanted Rose Cape or Veil in Ivory
enchanting wedding cape with floral details
For your forthcoming garden soirée, you'll make an entrance in this enchanting wedding cape (or this design can be ordered as a veil, too). The whimsical design features embroidered dusty roses and sage leaves with silk hand-tinted petals on flowy tulle. Best of all, the pops of ivory, ecru, dusty rose and sage green will stun against any outdoor backdrop.
$2,800 | Claire Pettibone
3. Embellished Wedding Shoes
something blue embellished wedding shoes
Blooming Branch Creative
Let's face it: Your wedding shoes are by far one of the most important aspects of your day-of outfit. In 2023, we're going to see more wedding kicks with embellishments and whimsical features (think: pretty pearl accents, floral lace detailing and tulle bows). Remember: Your bridal shoes should also be a representation of your personal style, so don't be afraid to go all out.
Shop the trend:
Jimmy Choo Satin Sandals with All-Over Pearl Embellishment in White
pearl-embellished bridal heels
These white satin pearl bridal sandals from Jimmy Choo are a stylish wedding shoe option for brides. They're adorned in different-sized pearls for a showstopping effect. Plus, it's a wonderful way to rock some embellishments if you're wearing a relatively minimalist wedding gown.
$1,950 | Jimmy Choo
Bella Belle Esther Beaded Peep Toe Slingback Closed Toe Kitten Heels in Ivory
ivory peep-toe wedding heels with floral embroidery
These ivory peep-toe wedding heels combine two of our favorite trending styles: floral embroidery and tulle bows. Set on a 2.5-inch kitten heel, they are made with extra padding for unlimited comfort throughout your big day. A bridal shoe that's beautiful and comfortable? Count us in.
$375 | Bella Belle
Keds Women's Alley Sequins Sneaker in White
sparkly sequin wedding sneaker
Wedding sneakers are another trending bridal shoe design—and sparkly sequin embellishments take these white Keds to the next level. They're fancy enough to sport at your reception or after party (or even down the aisle), but still versatile enough that you can wear them again and again.
$75 | Keds
4. Bow Accents
bow detail on wedding dress
Courtesy of Alexia María
Bow details were also all over NYBFW, from gowns with oversized bows to detachable bow trains. In honor of the bow-ment, we've rounded up the prettiest trending bow bridal accessories of 2023, including bow-shaped earrings, hair bows and bow-adorned trains. Any of these bow accessories will add a romantic touch to any of your bridal outfits, from the engagement party to the rehearsal dinner.
Shop the trend:
Olivia Bottega Satin Bow with Train
bridal train topped with a dramatic bow detail
Instantly romanticize your wedding gown by adding this captivating train topped with a dramatic bow detail. The satin material would pair well with a satin, silk, chiffon, organza or tulle dress. Most importantly, you can add and remove the train at any point on your wedding day to achieve two different looks.
$220 | Olivia Bottega
Jennifer Behr Brigitte Earrings in Crystal
bow-shaped bridal earrings
We're head over heels for these twinkling bridal earrings from Jennifer Behr. Shaped as beautiful little bows and crafted from sparkly Swarovski crystal, they're bound to make an impression. Wear your hair in a high bun or a french twist to let the earrings shine.
$395 | Jennifer Behr
Lulus Mariella White Pearl Tulle Bow in White
white tulle bridal hair bow with faux pearls
Want to make a fun fashion statement at your wedding? Try incorporating this white tulle bridal hair bow into your wedding hairstyle. The sheer tulle fabric is adorned with tiny faux pearls atop a silver barrette-style closure. We're obsessed.
$28 | Lulus
5. Pearlcore Accessories
pearl hair bridal accessory
Joseph Rogero
Pearlcore is the trending internet aesthetic that's here to stay. Pearls were everywhere in 2022 and will continue to make waves in 2023. There are so many ways to include the classic gemstone into your wedding vibe (think: pearl wedding earrings, clutches, shoes, hairpieces and much more). Read on for our favorite pearlcore bridal accessories to get you inspired for your 2023 nuptials.
long pearl wedding veil
Kaitlyn Luckow
Shop the trend:
Birdy Grey Pearl Bucket Clutch in Ivory
vintage-inspired pearl bridal clutch
Enter: The bridal bucket clutch of our dreams. You'll have a blast carrying around this vintage-inspired pearlcore accessory to all of your prewedding events. Trust us, you'll want to be photographed carrying this fashion-forward wedding purse.
$44 | Birdy Grey
Grace Loves Lace Elfie Headband in 14-Karat Vermeil Gold Plated Brass
pearl headband set on 14-karat gold curvy band
One way to personalize your wedding look? Add in a gorgeous pearl headband that can go with a ton of wedding hairstyles, from low buns to loose waves. This wedding hairpiece features delicate shell pearls set on a curvy 14-karat gold vermeil band. Another plus? You can treasure it as a keepsake after your nuptials conclude.
$80 | Grace Loves Lace
Chan Luu Pearl Waterfall Earrings in Pearl
pearl statement bridal earrings set on 14-karat gold-plated brass
We'll never turn down a pair of pearl statement bridal earrings—especially when they're as beautiful as these. Lustrous faux pearls and shiny cubic zirconia come together to create these dangly earpieces on 14-karat gold-plated brass.
$78 | Anthropologie
6. Barbiecore Accessories
barbiecore pink bridal earrings
Courtesy of Kendra Scott
The fabulous world of Barbie made its bridal fashion week debut and we've definitely started to see its impact on 2023 bridal collections. It was hard not to notice the uptick in Barbiecore-inspired elements, from extravagant bows to pink statement-making dresses for your bridal events. We expect that more brides will embrace pink as a fun and glamorous hue to ring in their nuptials—and your bridal accessories are a fabulous way to do just that.
barbiecore pink embellished wedding shoes
Lacie Hansen Photography
Shop the trend:
Sam Edelman Leon Sandal in Rasberry
barbiecore hot pink bridal shoes with feather vamp
You'll bring all the drama in these over-the-top Barbiecore bridal shoes. The focal point of this design is the wispy feather pompom at the vamp, which contrasts the sleek satin upper. Oh, and it also includes a crystal-embellished buckle closure for a hint of sparkle.
$150 | REVOLVE
Jimmy Choo Bonny Clutch in Fuchsia
hot pink barbiecore wedding clutch
If you're wearing white to any of your bridal events, then this hot pink wedding clutch will add the perfect pop of color to your look. The sultry satin handbag boasts a simple twisted design for understated perfection, plus it has an interior pocket to store your small bits and baubles.
$895 | Jimmy Choo
Jennifer Behr Judy Earrings in Light Rose
Jennifer Behr pink crystal drop earrings
Want to bring only a hint of Barbiecore into your wedding outfit? No problem. Go for something pink but still elegant and subtle, like these crystal drop earrings. Barbie would most definitely approve.
$258 | Jennifer Behr